[train whistle blowing]
[upbeat music]
*
- Just moved here
for a new job.
Really excited.
How long have you lived
in Charm City?
- Long enough to know
it sucks.
- I don't know.
I like it.
A little bigger
than where I grew up,
but not that different.
- [evil laughter]
[crashing]
- Except for that.
- Citizens of Charm City,
Feel the fire
of Jack-O-Lantern.
[epic music]
- Are you guys seeing this?
[phone beeps]
- Siri, push my meeting an hour.
*
- [evil laughter]
[evil laughter]
*
[brakes screeching]
[dings]
- I know what you're thinking.
Yet another
superhero battle.
[light music]
Well, my name's Emily Locke
and I grew up in what's known
as a fly-over state.
Superheroes never
stopped there.
They just flew over it.
I didn't have any powers,
so I did what everybody else
in my town did:
finish school
and got a soul-crushing job.
I felt unfulfilled.
Until one day,
my dad reminded me
that you don't need superpowers
to accomplish great things.
- What you do,
in your own quiet way,
can change people's lives
for the better.
- Right then and there,
I decided to make a change:
I got a job at a company that
helps regular people like us
feel safer in a world where
this kind of stuff happens.
And now I might not
even make it to my first day.
[dings]
[epic music]
*
- Oh, my God,
you're Crimson Fox.
[crashing]
*
[car alarm chirps]
Wow.
You don't see that every day.
- Actually, you do.
You see it every day.
- I'm still gonna
take a photo.
*
[camera shutter clicks]
[heroic music]
*
[light music]
male narrator: In a world where
superheroes and villains
battle above us
each day,
Wayne Security
brings you products
that give the power back
to the powerless.
- [maniacal laughter]
narrator: Like our
revolutionary Joker anti-venom.
- Whoo.
[upbeat music]
[elevator dings]
* *
- Emily Locke?
- I'm sorry I'm late.
You'll never believe
what happened to me.
My train literally went
off the rails and the--
- I'm gonna cut you off here
because I'm assuming you lived.
Mr. Wayne is waiting for you.
*
- I just wanted
to thank you again
for this opportunity,
Mr. Wayne.
- Please, call me Van.
Now, my cousin Bruce, he likes
to be called Mr. Wayne.
I call him B-Dubs.
We're very close.
And I just told him
about you.
- You talked to Bruce Wayne
about me?
- No, I texted him.
He's hard to reach.
But...look at his reply.
- "Stop using
my HBO GO password."
- No, that...
[chuckles]
What a joker.
That's classic B-Dubs.
Look at the one right before it.
- "Sounds good."
- Bruce Wayne thinks you
"sounds good."
Look, I'm not gonna
lie to you.
Business at Wayne Security
is down,
and I am looking to you,
as our new Director of R&D.
to come up
with a big idea, all right?
Something that I can show
to Bruce,
and he'll be like,
"What?"
And I'll be like,
"Yeah."
- This is everything
I have ever wanted.
I promise
I will not let you down.
- I know you won't.
There were more
experienced candidates,
but you stood out.
You are a people person.
Every one
of your references said
you're a great motivator
and you actually care
about the, uh...uh...the--
- People?
- Yep!
- I do, that's why
I wanted to work here.
I want to help people.
- Love that.
As long as it's help
plus kicking ass.
Because you need to
whip this team into shape.
They're very talented,
but they're just missing
a you to motivate them.
I'm more
of a big picture guy.
Look at this picture.
This picture's huge.
- You know, I am no stranger
to adversity.
My dad owned a flower shop,
and when it was struggling, I--
- I'm dying to hear
the end of that story, but--
ooh, look, it's--my assistant's,
uh, motioning to me.
What is it?
Jackie, did you need something?
- No.
- What do you want from me?
- Nothing.
- [mouthing words]
You are the worst.
[playful music]
Uh, you said there's
a phone call for me?
- [sighs] Bruce Wayne
is on the phone for you.
- Bruce Wayne?
My cuz-bro.
Oh, no.
[chuckles]
- Come on.
Time to meet your team.
[upbeat music]
- I can't believe I'm actually
working for Bruce Wayne.
- Dot dot dot's cousin.
[quirky music]
Teddy, this is Emily Locke,
your new boss.
- Nice to meet you.
What do you do here?
- I disrupt.
I alter the structure
of expectations,
make people see things
in new ways.
For example,
what do you think this is?
- A desk?
- But what if it wasn't?
What if it was the opposite
of a desk?
- I'm sorry, I'm still not
exactly sure what you do.
- I'm the Chief Design Officer.
- But what if you weren't?
- Wait, are you firing me?
Is she firing me?
- No, no.
I was just making a joke.
- Good one.
Good one.
*
[exhales deeply]
All right, come on.
Let me show you around.
*
This is the lab.
That's our 3-D printer.
Don't touch it.
That's liquid nitrogen.
That's Wendy,
our lead software engineer.
- Let me guess,
don't touch her?
- Why would you touch her?
- Hey, guys.
Watch this.
- That's Ron.
He's head of engineering
and chief of
childlike wonder.
- Batter up!
[all chuckle]
- That's amazing.
What is it?
- It's called the Wear Bag.
It protects against collateral
damage from superhero battles.
We're talking about projectiles,
falling debris, direct blows.
- [chuckles]
- [groans]
- It's only good for one use.
- I know.
That's for taking my muffin,
Steve.
- Oh.
- That is an amazing product.
- Right?
LexCorp makes it.
- We're trying to figure out
how it works
so we can make
a cheap knock-off.
Welcome to Wayne Security.
*
- Let's...be...better.
- That's a permanent marker.
- Well, good, because that's
how I want us to be thinking.
Permanently.
Look, Wayne Security
has stopped innovating.
Our follow up to last year's
Joker Venom Antidote
is the exact same thing
in a slightly darker purple.
- Mm, it's not slightly darker.
Okay, one is amethyst
and one's sangria.
You don't get it.
She doesn't get it.
She's not getting it.
- No,
I get that they're different.
I just don't think
anyone cares
about the color.
[all react]
- Ooh, kitty's got claws.
- Guys, we need to be
innovating.
We need to push ourselves.
We can't...
just copy what LexCorp does.
- Oh.
- We need to...
*
Let's be better.
And do you know how
we'll do that?
- Uh, let me guess.
By thinking outside the box?
- [chuckles]
- I want us to forget
the box ever existed.
Ron, what are you
working on?
- Literally...the box.
- Ron, I did not know that.
This morning, my train
was blown off the track,
which apparently happens
every day around here.
Let's come up with something
that solves things like that.
- That's a brilliant idea.
Let me just summon a wizard.
Shazam!
Ah, nothing.
Have you ever even made
a product?
- Well, n--no.
[all groaning]
No, but I was sixth
in my class at Wharton.
- Ron, is that a product?
- Not a product.
- No, I was President
of the Young Leaders Group.
- Ron, surely that's a product.
- Ooh, guess again, Teddy.
- Well, guess what?
This company needs a big idea
that you haven't delivered.
So I suggest you take
my lead on this
because I know
what I'm doing.
Okay,
Van hired me for a reason.
[laughter]
- Yeah, because the other people
didn't work out.
- What other people?
- You're the fifth new boss
we've had this year.
And I refuse to let myself
get attached.
I'm not getting hurt again.
- But we'll do
whatever you want
until number six
comes along.
- Just to be clear, I'm not
gonna do whatever you want,
so...
- [humming, strumming guitar]
*
- You fired four people
before you got to me?
- Technically,
they weren't fired.
One was crushed by rubble
before he started.
I like to think of that
as God firing him.
- Don't you think you should
have told me that
in the interview?
- You want the real scoop?
You want to pop the hood
on this van
and see what's inside?
- Yes.
- Fine.
I was supposed to be promoted
to the Gotham office last year.
But then Bob Lackey
from WayneBev pulled the idea
for Wayne Light Lime
out of his ass
and he took my spot!
The only reason you're here
is to come up
with a big idea
to get me out of this
God-forsaken taint of a city.
- And I will.
It just might
take a little time.
I'm sure Wayne Light Lime
didn't happen overnight.
- The man left a lime in a beer,
literally overnight.
Get me to Gotham,
or somebody else will.
[dramatic music]
- If he thinks I'm scared,
I'm not.
I'm going to get the team
to come up with a big idea.
- Yeah, they seem to love you.
*
- [groans]
Okay.
Maybe I came on
a little strong.
To get the best out of people,
you need to get to know them
on a personal level.
- Yeah, that line is underlined
three times
in your business book.
You left it in the kitchen.
- We need to bond as a unit.
- Mm, that line was circled.
- A boss can't be afraid
to look human.
- That line was starred.
Is a star more or less
than a circle?
- Stop going through my book.
A star is greater that a circle,
but less than a heart.
- Wayne Security?
- [growling]
Citizens of Charm City,
this is Jack-O-Lantern
with a personal message
for Crimson Fox.
You can run...
- Shut up, shut up, shut up,
shut up, shut up.
- Bruce Wayne is on the phone
for you.
- Jackie,
if you are lying to me,
I'll put rocks in your pockets
and I will throw you
in the ocean.
- You are gonna make
a great father one day.
It's really Bruce.
- Oh, my God.
How do I look?
- Like you don't understand
how phones work.
- [exhales deeply]
B-Dubs, baby!
You keeping Gotham warm
for me?
Yes!
I can hold.
*
- Hey, guys, wait up.
[beeping]
What's that sound?
- It's a device I built
that warns you
when someone you don't like
is approaching.
I call it the "Emily Alert."
- Well, that's very impressive.
And mean.
Look, I get it, you guys
have had lots of bosses,
but it's my job
to make sure we deliver,
and I'm trying to help us
do that.
- Look, we know you're trying,
but you don't need
to give us pep talks.
We've come up with hundreds
of big ideas,
and every one of them
gets shot down by corporate
because they're too expensive.
- Or too dangerous.
- Or you need a piece of the sun
to power it,
and that's impossible to get.
- We're done getting our hopes
up so they can get crushed.
- Well, I'm not giving up.
I believe in this team.
And I'm not going anywhere.
- Everyone, come out here.
I have some terrible news.
We've all been fired.
- Wait, what?
- Wait, wait, wait.
By "we" you mean Emily,
right?
- I did.
But also everyone else.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
No, I can't lose this job.
I take care
of my sick grandma.
all: Aww.
- And I like nice things.
[all groaning]
I should have went
before Ron.
- Wait, why are they
shutting us down?
- Bruce says we're obsolete.
Gone are the days of a man
in a bandit mask
stealing a ruby
from a museum.
Now it's all just super villains
trying to destroy the Earth
and superheroes fighting
one another
for vaguely defined reasons.
Our products are powerless
to stop that.
- So he just gave up on us?
I thought we were here
to change the world.
- [chuckles]
Who told you that?
- It's the company motto.
- Oh, that.
No, that came with the office.
This used to be
a diaper company.
[solemn music]
- [sighs]
*
- There's gotta be something
we can do.
- [slurping]
[quirky music]
- Why are you drinking
champagne?
- Oh, because I'm so sad.
[chuckles]
I'm sorry, I didn't want to say
anything in front of the others,
but I'm being absorbed
into the Gotham office.
If I knew I could fail up,
I would have done it years ago.
- So, everyone loses their job,
and you get exactly
what you want?
- I don't know why
I was so stressed
about finding that big idea.
The big idea is,
I'm a Wayne.
And a Wayne will always
come out on top.
You know, I feel like I could
commit vehicular manslaughter
and I would get away
with just a slap on the wrist.
Now, I haven't done that,
but now...
I feel like I could.
- How long do we have
until it becomes official?
[upbeat music]
*
Guys, I've got good news.
[beeping]
- Damn, I've got to boost
the radius on my Emily Alert.
- So, I just spoke to Van,
and we're not going
to lose our jobs.
- Wait, what?
Guys, Emily said
we're not losing our jobs!
[all cheering]
- Technically,
we haven't been shut down yet.
There is still hope.
- Oh, never mind.
She was just trying
to inspire us.
We're still fired.
[all groaning]
- Bruce Wayne wrote,
"Winners are just losers
that don't accept defeat."
If we came op
with a game-changing product,
Bruce would have
to reconsider.
- Ooh, me, me, me,
me, me, me!
I mean, unless you guys
want to go first.
I'm totally cool about it.
- All you.
- No, I don't want to do it.
- Okay, now, we all know
that the number one cause
of workplace accidents
is Superman crashing through
office windows mid-fight.
That's a simple fact.
But now...
this glass is made
of Kryptonite.
So if he flies close to it,
his powers will weaken,
and he'll safely bounce off.
- Nice, and how does it work
when the people inside
need help from Superman?
- I had not taken that scenario
into account.
[glass shattering]
It's also not very strong
against normal things.
- Okay,
I am not demoralized.
I'm just going to take
a five real quick.
- Hey, wait.
You haven't heard my idea yet.
So, you know how everyone wants
to have sex with robots, right?
- Go on.
- I'm listening.
*
- "Problems are just
opportunities
dressed in work clothes."
You're aware this means nothing,
right?
- I give up.
I took this job
to make a difference,
and I didn't even
get a chance.
- Oh, honey,
no one makes a difference.
I used to be
just like you.
- I think
we're pretty different.
- Oh, yeah?
This me my first day
of work here.
- Oh, no.
I have that shirt.
- Sorry, honey.
Welcome to the real world.
[zapping]
We should probably
go inside soon
because there's an evil pumpkin
flying around.
- Citizens of Charm City,
kiss your precious
organic juice bar good-bye!
[people shouting]
- "You don't need to have
superpowers
to accomplish great things.
Love, Dad."
- He gave this to me
when I was little.
I always keep it with me.
- That's so sweet.
And now you're smelling it
like a creepy person.
- Oh.
My dad ran a flower shop.
Everything he touched
smelled like flowers.
I used to know when he was
around before I even saw him.
I feel like I let him down.
- [evil laughter]
[zapping]
- I wish we knew that guy was
around before we saw him.
- Yeah, it would save
a lot of lives.
[distant shouting, crashing]
Oh, my God.
Maybe there's a way.
Guys, I have an idea.
- Good, 'cause Wendy's sex robot
is not market ready.
- Guys, just hear me out.
Now, remember how I said
I wanted us to invent something
that would stop things
like that train attack?
- Right,
and then we laughed at you.
[laughter]
- Wendy, what if you could
boost your Emily Alert
to have a wider radius?
- It's maxed out.
You have to be
in visual range.
- But what if it worked
on scent?
- We could totally rig it
to use chemoreceptors.
- And what if we used it
to track super villains,
and what if--
- And what if who cares,
because we're all fired?
- Look, I know you've all
been beaten down in this job.
And you feel like
what we do doesn't matter.
But I truly believe
we can change lives,
and I know deep down
you still care.
[soft music]
*
- Can I pick the color?
- It's 7:00 a.m.
What am I doing here?
- Van, this device we've created
has just alerted me
that Jack-O-Lantern
is in the area,
giving us enough time
to get to safety.
- It uses advanced
chemoreceptors
to pick up on Jack-O-Lantern's
unique smell profile.
- We call it
the "Jack-O-Lert."
- It is sleek, stylish,
and available in sangria.
- I see.
I'm having a hard time figuring
why you'd think I would care.
I already picked out
a penthouse in Gotham City.
- Well, the way I see it,
if you don't take this to Bruce,
maybe I will,
and maybe I'll be the one
sipping Wayne Light Lime
in my Gotham office.
- Okay, I take your point.
But none of this matters
because your Jack-O-Lert
detects jack squat.
[explosion]
- Citizens of Charm City,
prepare to feel
my powerful balls of fire!
[explosions and screaming]
- Fine.
I'll take it to Bruce.
[suspenseful music]
*
[elevator dings]
Everybody,
I have some terrible news.
I'm not gonna get
to go to Gotham.
- Tell them the other news.
- I got a parking ticket.
- We're not fired.
[all cheering]
Wayne Security is staying open.
- Yeah, Bruce loved
the Jack-O-Lert.
He's putting it in beta,
wherever that is.
- So great.
Did he mention the color?
- No.
- Damn it.
- But he did say
because I did such a good job
inspiring all of you,
he wants me to stay here
to continue inspiring you.
I guess with great power
comes living in a taint.
Emily...
[rousing music]
I blame you.
*
[all cheering]
- You guys did it.
You should be really proud
of yourselves.
- We couldn't have done it
without you.
- No.
We got you a little something.
- It's a bus pass.
It's a much safer alternative
to the train.
A little Charm City insider tip.
- You guys, thank you.
- I didn't chip in.
- I would not expect that.
To the R&D team.
- To Emily.
all: To Emily.
- This just in:
Gotham City police report
the Joker has been apprehended.
Batman used a new device
that tracked him by his smell.
And now for a correction...
- What a crazy coincidence.
Batman came up
with his own Jack-O-Lert.
- In midnight black.
Subtle.
Powerful.
Slimming.
- I wish we worked for Batman.
I feel like
he'd really get us.
- Well, maybe someday we will.
*
- Ha, that's funny.